The h1 to h6 heading elements are used to signify the importance of content below them. The lower the number, the higher the importance, so h2 elements have less
importance than h1 elements. Only use one h1 element per page and place lower importance headings below higher importance headings.

Paragraph (p) elements are used to create paragraph text on websites.

Commenting allows you to leave messages without affecting the browser display. It also allows you to make code inactive. 
A comment in HTML starts with <!--, contains any number of lines of text, and ends with -->

HTML5 has some elements that identify different content areas. 
These elements make your HTML easier to read and help with Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and accessibility.

HTML elements are often nested within other HTML elements. In the previous step you nested the h2 element, comment and p element within the main element. 
A nested element is a child of its parent element.

You can add images to your website by using the img element. img elements have an opening tag without a closing tag. 
A tag for an element without a closing tag is known as a self-closing tag.

HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag of an element to control the element's behavior. 
The src attribute in an img element specifies the image's URL (where the image is located).All img elements should have an alt attribute. 
The alt attribute's text is used for screen readers to improve accessibility and is displayed if the image fails to load.

You can link to another page with the anchor (a) element.

A link's text must be placed between the opening and closing tags of an anchor (a) element.
target attribute with the value _blank to the anchor (a) element's opening tag, so that the link opens in a new tab.

Use list item (li) elements to create items in a list

The figure element represents self-contained content and will allow you to associate an image with a caption.

A figure caption (figcaption) element is used to add a caption to describe the image contained within the figure element.

The code for an ordered list (ol) is similar to an unordered list, but list items in an ordered list are numbered when displayed.

The strong element is used to indicate that some text is of strong importance or urgent.

we use web form to collect information from users.

The action attribute indicates where form data should be sent.
There are many kinds of inputs you can create using the type attribute. 
You can easily create a password field, reset button, or a control to let users select a file from their computer.

In order for a form's data to be accessed by the location specified in the action attribute, you must give the text field a name attribute and assign it 
a value to represent the data being submitted.
Placeholder text is used to give people a hint about what kind of information to enter into an input.

To prevent a user from submitting your form when required information is missing, you need to add the required attribute to an input element. 
There's no need to set a value to the required attribute. Instead, just add the word required to the input element, making sure there is space between it and 
other attributes.

Use the button element to create a clickable button.

You can use radio buttons for questions where you want only one answer out of multiple options.
To make it so selecting one radio button automatically deselects the other, both buttons must have a name attribute with the same value.

label elements are used to help associate the text for an input element with the input element itself

The fieldset element is used to group related inputs and labels together in a web form. fieldset elements are block-level elements, 
meaning that they appear on a new line.

The legend element acts as a caption for the content in the fieldset element. It gives users context about what they should enter into that part of the form.

Forms commonly use checkboxes for questions that may have more than one answer. 
The title element determines what browsers show in the title bar or tab for the page.

Notice that the entire contents of the page are nested within an html element. All other elements must be descendants of this html element.

Add the lang attribute with the value en to the opening html tag to specify that the language of the page is English.

All pages should begin with <!DOCTYPE html>. This special string is known as a declaration and ensures the browser tries to meet industry-wide specifications.

The id attribute is used to identify specific HTML elements. Each id attribute's value must be unique from all other id values for the entire page.
